c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.dll.config
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.pdb
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\obj\Debug\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\obj\Debug\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.dll
c:\users\bernie\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\obj\Debug\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.pdb
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.dll.config
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.pdb
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\obj\Debug\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.dll
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\obj\Debug\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.pdb
d:\support\CustomerProjects\!228_October12\T288155\T288155\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest\obj\Debug\DevExpressGridViewCusomtFilterTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
